PHILIP MORRIS

INCORPORATED
120 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK.N.Y. 10017

Joun T.-Lanpry
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT February: 15, 198 3°

DIRECTOR OF MARKETING

Dear’ Ms. Ober:

Your letter of February 3 was received by this
office yesterday. We attempted to reach you by
telephone immediately but were unable to find a
listed number in New Haven. I had hoped to
arrange an appointment for one of our executives
to discuss with you and your concerned friends
the matter you have brought up in your letter.
First of all, let me advise you that there is
absolutely no asbestos or any other foreign
materials in the filter of any of our cigarettes.
There has never been any asbestos, iin any form,
in any cigarette ever manufactured by Philip
Morris Incorporated.

You have stated in your letter that you heard
otherwise on a televised newscast. We would very
much appreciate your advising us of the newscast
. and/or the television channel through which you
heard this grievously incorrect statement. We
would certainly be able to obtain an immediate
retraction and correction.

I would also appreciate if you would! call my:
office--collect--at: (212) 880-3555. I would
like to arrange with you for one of our people

to personally discuss this matter with you and
your friends at a time convenient to you. The
untrue and totally unfounded charges you have
brought against. Marlboro: Lights cigarettes are

of great concern to me and I would like to arrange
an. opportunity for one of our people to further
Clarify this subject with you. Please call me and
‘we can make the arrangements.

CL EE90SOOT

«+. continued .....

