Memorandum

Mrs. G. T. Touger - Sales Budget Director December 12, 1990

Mrs. J. E. Jarrett - Senior Budget Analyst

1990 INTERNATIONAL SELLING EXPENSES {Published 12/1/90)
Se al

Based on the 12/1/90 Published Income forecast, the
International Selling Expenses, exclusive of coupons, were
held at the 9/15 forecast level of $8,717,000. The
International coupon program budget reports an increase of
$1,000 based on the current review.

Below is an explanation of the current funding levels for
the International Division.

SALES PROMOTIONS

A review of the current authorized levels versus the sales
promotion forecast of $5,706,000 indicate a net unallocated
balance of $392,000. Below is a breakdown of the available
funds by country.

OKINAWA $112,000
GUAM
PUERTO RICO
U.S. DUTY FREE
HONG KONG
$392,000

Please note that there are no available funds remaining in
the CARIBBEAN sales promotion budget due to a transfer of
$30,000 to partially fund Poland and Philipines expenses of
$80,000, and $9,000 respectively. U.S. DUTY FREE
unallocated balance was also reduced to fund the remaining
balance of $59,000.

COMMISSIONS & FEES

Actual expenses through October 31, 1990 amount to
$1,558,000 versus a total year forecast of $2,608,000.
November and December commissions & fees are projected at
approximately $250,000, thereby creating a potential
surplus of $800,000.

OPERATING EXPENSES

Actual expenses through October 31, 1990 amount to $608,000
versus a total year forecast of $886,000. November and
December expenses are projected at $127,000, thereby
ereating a potential surplus of $151,000.

A S

