ae Hou i i
(25 PHILIP MORRIS Rae

a U.S.A,
4 — 100 PARK. AVENUE,NEW'YORKN.Y. 10017

JOHN T. LanpryY.
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

DIRECTOR OF MARKETING September 20p EST By ¢ 8)
SEP 25 1978

a
I regret that I must lodge a strong protest
against the great inconvenience, in both a
personal and business sense, caused for me by
Pan American and its employees.

I had a confirmed first-class reservation on
Pan Am Flight 201 to Rio de Janeiro last night,
September 19, and was notified that I had a
pre-confirmed reservation for Seat 5-A in the
smoking section. At check-in I learned that I
had been switched to Seat 1-A, non-smoking.
Since I have been a cigarette smoker for many
years (much longer than I have been in this
business), I pointed out that a ten-hour filight
under those conditions would be rather intoler-
able.

Unfortunately, I was at a distinct disadvantage
because the flight was sold out and a large
number of standbys were at hand. In fact, a
lady wait-listed for first class was called to
the desk early in our discussion to stand by
pending disposition of my problem.

It was evident that Pan Am did not have to be
concerned whether or not I was on the flight.
The seat would obviously be filled. The
supervisor who was called told me that he had
asked the captain to release Seat 7-A from the
crew rest seats but the captain had refused.
Beyond that, efforts to accommodate me might
best be described as half-hearted. So, in
short, I did not get to Brazil.

™

This entire episode has proved! a great embar-
yassment and frustration to me - to say nothing
of the twenty people waiting for me in Rio and
Sao Paulo for a scheduled two-day meeting.

TS60LZ0202

