~4-
APPENDIX - Experimental
Material

The tobacco flavoring, MEICAL, was obtained from the Product Department.
Cation exchange resins AG 50W-X4 (H* form, 100-200 mesh and 200~400

mesh) were purchased from Bio-Rad Laboratories, Richmond, CA. Standard
amino acids were purchased from the following vendors: DL~aspartic acid
and Dl-phenylalanine from Mann Research Laboratories, Inc., New York, NY.;
Bk-glutamic acid monohydrate, L-proline, and L-histidine BC1 monohydrate
from Nutritional Biochemicals Corp., Cleveland, OH.; L-glutamine and L-
leucine from Fisher Scientific Co., Pittsburgh, PA.; and L-valine from
Eastman Kodak Co., Rochester, NY. Chromatography columns were purchased
from Pharmacia Fine Chemicals, Piscataway, NJ. Ninhydrin (1,2,3-
indantrione hydrate) was purchased from Pierce Chemical Co., Rockford,

TL. Hydrazine sulfate was purchased from J. T, Baker Chemical Cony
Phillipsburg, NJ, Ethylene glycol monomethyl ether (or 2-methoxy-ethanol)
was purchased from Mallinckrodt, Inc., Paris, KY or MC&B Manufacturing
Chemists, Norwood, OH.

Isolation of Amino Acids from MET

Leucine (5 mg, 4 ml of 62.5 mg/50 ml H,0 solution) was added as an
internal standard to a 2-g portion of METCAL, and the mixture was applied
to a 2 x 16 cm column of cation exchange resin (AG S0W-X4, HY form,
100-200 mesh) packed in water. A total of 250 ml of deionized water was
passed through the column to remove any unbound material. The bound
material, which contained the amino acids, was eluted with 150 ml of 7 xX
NH OH. The bound material was then freeze-dried for 48 hours to give a
tesidue of 346.1 mg, from which 60 mg was dissolved in 10 ml of 0.2 XN

sodium citrate buffer (pH 2.2) and applied to the Naâ€™ form ion exchange

column for chromatography as described below.

620836741

