LETTER OF AUTHORIZATION

May 3, 1988

Ms. Kate Schueller
Market Facts, Inc.
676 No. St. Clair Street
Chicago, IL 60611

Dear Kate:

This is your letter of authorization to conduct the KOOL KS PRODUCT
IMPROVEMENT CPT for Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation

This letter constitutes a "Project Document” and is subject to all of the
terms and conditions of that certain agreement between Brown & Williamson
Tobacco Corporation and Market Facts, Inc., dated as of November 1, 1987
and together with said agreement constitutes the entire agreement for
Market Facts, Inc. to conduct the KOOL KS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT CPT for
Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation, at the cost of $205,800 plus
travel (including staff time for field visits). In the event of a
conflict between the terms and conditions of said agreement and the terms
and conditions of this document, the terms and conditions of this document
shall control, Brawn & Williamson Tobacco Corporation reserves the right
to withdraw this authorization prior to the field start date. Please
assign Project No. 1988-36K to this study and address all invoices to Ms.
Sharon Willinger. Billing should be as follows: 1/3 upon authorization,
1/3 upon completion of fieldwork, and 1/3 upon study completion.

It is understood that Market Facts' responsibilities will inctude
questionnaire design and reproduction, respondent recruiting and
interviewing, and a complete analysis and report of the results.

This project cost is based on the "Project Specifications for Bid" dated
April 14, 1988 on which your bid was based. (Project summary and project
specs and Banners are attached.)

Please sign below and return this document to DB. A. Beatty at your
earliest convenience. Thank you.

Sie
TATIVE “DATE
ATE

MARKET FACTS, |
NAME OF RESEARCH COMPANY

/DBFrO500: 5
Attachments
465855334

1590 BROWN & WILLJAMSON TOWER, PO, BOX 35009, LOUISVILLE, KY 40232, {502] 568-7000

