TB aAVY

BROWN & WILLIAMSON TOBACCO CORPORATION

June 4, 1984

Prof. Dr. H. Dengler
Director of Medical University Clinic
Bonn-Venusberg, West Germany

“Dear Professor Dengler:

As we have discussed, Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation
("B&W") desires to retain your services as a scientific
consultant regarding various aspects of B&W's grooved cigarette
filter technology. This letter agreement is to confirm our
mutual understanding with respect to the terms and conditions
under which B&W and you ("Consultant") agree to enter into a
working relationship. An additional purpose of this agreement
is to protect the confidential and proprietary interests of B&W.

Consultant agrees that during the term of this agreement he

- will consult with and provide information to B&W appropriate to
the field of this agreement. B&W agrees to pay Consultant for
services actually rendered a fee at the rate of $74507¢ per
heur/day. (cross out inapplicable word). In addition, B&W shall
reimburse Consultant for all reasonable and necessary
out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred, including those for
travel, food, and lodging in connection with the performance of
services hereunder. All payments by B&W will be made monthly

. after receipt of Consultant's itemized invoices.

It is recognized that as a result of the performance of
services hereunder, the parties may agree that it would be
appropriate to undertake specific research projects. The scope

‘of any such project and the fee therefor will be separately

negotiated between the parties and are not a part of this
agreement.

Unless otherwise authorized in writing by B&W, Consultant

agrees to maintain in confidence any information pertaining to
. this agreement provided by B&W. The parties acknowledge that.
any data or information generated or arising out of the
_consulting work performed by B&W by Consultant is the property

-

