PHILIP MORRIS

INCORPORATED
100 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK, N.Y. 10017

JOHN T, LANDRY

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT

DIRECTOR OF MARKETING January 4, 1982

Dear Dinny:

This letter is to confirm the discussions we have
had on the idea of a $1 million bonus to any horse
winning all three of the Autumn Triple Crown races.
Those three races would comprise the $200,000
Woodward on September 4, the $400,000 Marlboro Cup
on September 18 (the full $400,000 purse in 1982
will be put up by Philip Morris U.S.A.), and the
$500,000 Jockey Club Gold Cup on October 9.

Our Insurance Department received a quote of a
$100,000 premium for the insurance on the $1 million
bonus. I believe this is quite a bit less than the
previous quote your people had received and I think
it seems reasonable. Philip Morris U.S.A. would,

as I have mentioned to you, pay 33-1/3% of the
$100,000 total.

Although The Marlboro Cup is an invitational handi-
cap, we would certainly guarantee that any winner of
the Woodward would be invited to The Marlboro Cup so
that there would be no chance anyone would be denied
the opportunity to participate in all three races.

As discussed, I believe that the $1 million bonus
idea would create extra interest and excitement
around the Fall Triple Classics. JI would think it
would certainly encourage horsemen to aim for the
three races and that it would enhance our chances

of keeping the better horses in New York for the
September-October period. I think it is also a more
appealing plan than a single $1 million race which,
in many ways, might demean the rest of the stakes
program.

x.

POSE RH Sb OZ

