Harley Dasddson Motor Ca TiC. Grog Ww taneau sr PO Ho OT MiWHGKOE, WESd201 4 laz3d2 dees

March 31, 1986

Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation
1500 Brown & Williamson Tower

P. O. Box 35090

Louisville, KY 40232

Attention: Mr. Lincoln Lewis

Re: License & Consent Agreement dated
September 30, 1983, as amended ("Agreement")

Gentlemen:

As we have discussed, the above-referenced Agreement expires
automatically on September 30, 1986. After that date, neither
Brown & Williamson nor its advertising agency will be able to
use the Property in the fields of cigarette, cigar, pipe and
tobacco advertising or in any other manner.

However, we have discussed the winding down of our relationship
and we have agreed as follows:

Brown & Williamson agrees that, effective June 1, 1986 through
the extension of our Agreement as provided herein, it and its
agency will no longer have an exclusive license to use the
Property. In consideration of Brown & Williamson's
relinguishment of its exclusive license, Harley-Davidson agrees
to extend the automatic expiration date of the above-referenced
Agreement from September 30, 1986 to January 31, 1987.

Furthermore, any advertising, promotional or display material
using the Property (i.e. Harley-Davidson motorcycles, logos,
trademarks, etc.) including point of purchase material, metal
signs, billboards, magazine advertisements, etc. in the
Territory as of April 1, 1986 or in Brown & Williamson's
inventory as of such date may be placed in the field prior to
September 30, 1986, These materials may remain and be used in
the Territory through March 30, 1988, at which time they must be
removed. .

SVLLOGS6

