-3-

Japanese Patent 3,398 (Takahara and Shinkai, 1973) disclosed that
Amadori compounds such as l-deoxy-1-L-alanino-D-fructose could be
ifsolated from an amino acid-sugar reaction mixture and combined
with cocoa to produce tobacco flavorants.

British Patent 1,378,112 (Liggett & Myers Inc., 1974) provided a
method for preparing mixtures which are desirable as flavorants and
flavor enhancers for tobacco products, comprising heating together
the amino acid, valine, and a sugar or other carbonyl compound in
the presence of a solvent at a temperature of 100°C to 200°C.

U. S. Patent 4,022,920 (Doornbos and van den Ouweland, 1977)
claimed for a creamy, buttery flavor or aroma with a pleasant note,
reminiscent of bread. This aroma was imparted to foodstuffs by
heating them under controlled conditions in the presence of Amadori
rearrangement compounds of 6-deoxy-aldohexoses, such as e.g.,
rhamnose, and alpha-amino acids, such as e.g., proline.

U. S. Patent 4,286,606 (Swain and Crayton, 1981) disclosed
reaction mixtures for smoking materials by reacting a reducing
sugar, ammonia, and carboxylic acid. The reaction products could
be used as tobacco flavorants without additional processing.

U. S. Patent 4,306,577 (Wu and Swain, 1981) disclosed processes of
preparing reaction flavors for smoking compositions by reacting
reducing sugars and selected amino acids such as asparagine,
glutamine, arginine, and lysine in the presence of ammonium
hydroxide and optionally in the presence of an aldehyde in an
essentially solvent-free system.

Aiomes Ch beck Lage (Pe

Signature

Witnessed and Understood by: ’ Log

tch/inv/ 1022
bfw/ 452

620607941

