-2-

Takahara et al., (Nippon Shokuhin Kogyo Gakkaishi, 17, 151-153,
1970) extracted from cocoa powder the following Amadori compounds
l-deoxy-1-L-alanino-D-fructose, l-deoxy~l-(L-glutamic acid)-D-
fructose, T-deoxy-1~-(L-aspartic acid)-D-fructose. They also
studied the effects of these compounds on the tobacco smoking
quality.

Nishi and Morishita (Nippon Nogei Kagaku Kaishi, 45, 507-512,
1971) studied the Amadori compounds in the methanolic extracts of

licorice root and also found that l-deoxy-1-L-prolino-D-fructose,
l~deoxy-1-L-alanino-D-fructose, Il-deoxy-1-(L-aspartic acid)-D-
fructose, and 1-deoxy-1-L-asparagino-D-fructose were effective
improving tobacco smoking quality.

British Patent 1,232,719 (Shimazaki et al., 1971) claimed a
Flavoring composition comprising a mixture of a first ingredient
prepared by heating at least one amino acid and a reducing sugar in
water, and a second ingredient prepared by heating cystine and/or
cysteine and a reducing sugar in a fat or oil. The composition had
an aroma and taste similar to that of meat.

Japanese Patent 9,239 (Tamaki and Noguchi, 1971) disclosed
"tobacco perfumes" comprising mainly condensation products from
sugar and amino acid. Amino acids to he used included mono- or
dicarboxylic acids containing only one amino group or imino group
such as proline, glutamic acid, 8-aminobutyric acid, leucine,
valine, phenylalanine, and tyrosine. The sugar components were
mono- and disaccharides such as glucose, fructose, and maltose.
These perfumes were prepared by reacting sugar with amino acid in
an aqueous or alcohol solvent, and in the presence of an acid
catalyst such as malonic acid. These compounds could be separated
and purified by the use of fon-exchange resins and then applied to
tobacco.

British Patent 1,285,568 (Godman and Osborne, 1972) called for
flavoring substances capable of imparting to foodstaffs a savoury
flavor particularly resembling that of cooked meats. These
flavoring substances may be obtained by reaction of a mono-
saccharide, hydrogen sulphide, and one or more amino acids in the
presence of water at an elevated temperature.

Brome, CK fee A Lag Â£, A PSB
Signature Date

Lee C) Bl garage ge
Witnessed and Understood by: KM pner . iG oa

